Dear Sir/Hadam,

References: ABUJA\666502 and ABUJA\666503

In support of this application and to address the reasons given for refusal of previous applications made (see references above), I wish to state that I arrived Nigeria from the UK on the 22nd of July 2010 with my children  Miss Naomi Odiase and Master Nathan Odiase both born in the UK (Applicants). At the time of departing the UK both applicants did not have passports and where subsequenly endorsed on my passport. A copy of this endorsement is enclosed. The main purpose of this journey was for me, Mrs OA Odiase (applicants' mother) to embark on National Youth Service (NYSC) in Nigeria. Due to the ages of the applicants, particularly Nathan Odiase and the need for family support during my youth service, the applicants accompanied me to Nigeria rather than stay back the UK with their father. Please find enclosed my call-up letter and letter specifying my place of primary asignment in Benin-city Nigeria. I am in the 2010 - Batch C group of corp members posted to United Bank of Africa Plc (UBA) in Benin-City, Edo State Nigeria where I currenly serve.

Since arrival to Nigeria, the applicants and I live at 6 Agbonlahor Street ...... with my parents Dr. LBO Benka-Coker and Dr.(Mrs) MO Benka-Coker (applicants' grand-parents) who in addition to my husband Dr. OP Odiase have provided for their upkeep and well-being. Please find enclosed a copy of Dr. LBO Benka-Coker's bank statement. Also, Miss Naomi Odiase is currently enrolled in nursery at Igbinedion Education Centre, Benin-city. Please find eclosed a letter from her school.

Hitherto, I have travelled to see my husband in the UK, and my husband has also travelled to see me and the applicants in Nigeria. The previous applications referenced above were made with the intention that the applicants  accompany me to visit their father in the UK to commemorate Father's day, and they would have returned to Nigeria with me, Miss Naomi would have continued her nursery education while I returned to serve in UBA plc. However, these applications for visas as visitors by the applicants were refused based on probability.

Subsequent to this decision by UKBA, we sought counsel and were advised that the applicants should re-apply as Tier 1 Post Study Dependants as their father is currently on the Tier 1 Post Study Visa working in the UK and I am currently on a Tier 1 dependant visa. A copy of Dr. OP Odiase's visa endorsement is enclosed with the current Tier 1 dependant applications. The applicants intend to accompany me for the summer holiday to visit their father in the UK.

Thank you for your anticipated co-operation.

Yours Faithfully
Mrs. OA Odiase (Applicants Mother)

Documents Enclosed:
1. Copy of endorsement of applicants on my passport
2. Copy of Dr. LBO Benka-Cokers bankstatement (Appicants Grand-father)
3. Copy of NYSC call up letter 
4. Letter confirming my primary assignment at UBA Plc
5. Letter from Miss Naomi's Nursery confirming enrollment
